README Added notice for Xcode 11, iOS 13 (#310)
auth0/Auth0.swift: README.md

- Xcode 10.x/11.x
- Swift 4.x/5.x

## Important Notice

> Behaviour changes in iOS 13 relating to Web Authentication require that when using Xcode 11 this library **must** be compiled using Swift 5.x. This *should* be the default setting applied when updating, unless it has been manually set. However, would recommend checking that this value is set correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behaviour changes in iOS 13 related to Web Authentication require that developers using Xcode 11 with this library **must** compile using Swift 5.x. This *should* be the default setting applied when updating, unless it has been manually set. However, we recommend checking that this value is set correctly.
```
